from:	Mrs.Melania Trump <"Melania."@fine.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	"Mrs.Melania Trump" <melaniatrump24@yahoo.com>
to:	
date:	Fri, Jul 7, 2017 at 2:31 PM
subject:	FROM THE DESK OF MELANIA TRUMP THE FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATE
mailed-by:	fine.ocn.ne.jp
security:	ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

FROM THE DESK OF MELANIA TRUMP THE FIRST LADY OF THE UNITED STATE

I am Melania Trump  the First Lady of the United States. and I am writing to
inform you about your Bank Draft Cheque brought by the United Embassy
from the government of Benin Republic in the white house Washington DC which
contains the sum of ($25 Millions) dollars credited from the bank of America.
The delivery of your funds has been mandated to be delivered to your address
on Moday being 26 of june 2017 to you as soon as you get back to me with your
home address and your cell phone number.Bear in mind that I have taking my time
to be in charge of your funds as instructed by my husband to ensure that you
received your funds successfully from the white house to reduce the economy
and I'm the only one that has your funds in regard to my husband Mr.Donald john
trump and you will have to pay the sum of $500 only before your Bank Draft
Cheque will be delivered to you on Tuesday. The reason why the fee is required
is to have your funds clearance paper secured from the origin of the funds to
avoid any harassment from the authority and you are also expected to be
announced as the winner of the said amount by Wednesday as soon as your fund
is delivered to you.
So you are urgently advised to get back to me with your home address and also the
payment information today for immediate effect of the delivery. Note that the
$500 is the only fee and final payment you have my assurance.However, according
to our agreement with the originated Benin Republic, all our communications
should be on email for recording purpose, so follow my instruction accordingly,
even if you don't have the $500 try to borrow it and send it immediately because
this is your life opportunity and I don't want you to lose the chance this time.
Please I will advise you to urgently make the payment this morning via or
money gram money transfer to the listed cashier information as instructed
you by the originated authority. I will look forward to received your email today
with the payment to enable the origin secure the needed clearance papers required
at White House Benin to deliver your funds. Note that it will take only 14hrs to
deliver your Bank Draft Cheque in receipt of the$500 payment.

Please find the payment data below to send the $500 or money gram.
Receiver Name:DAN BEN
Country: Benin Republic
City /Address: port-novo
Zip code:+229
Amount:$500
Sender's Name?
Mtcn.......?
I look forward to your respond to this email with the payment today.
Best Regards,
First lady of USA.

Mrs.Melania Trump
The White House (Official Residence of the President of the US)
Email (melaniatrump24@yahoo.com) 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington DC 20500 US) (Official Residence of the President of the US)
	
