from:	Edith Marie Roland <edithmarieroland@gmail.com>
reply-to:	edithmarierolandalain@gmail.com
to:	
bcc:	[Redacted]
date:	Fri, Jul 7, 2017 at 9:18 AM
subject:	Hello
mailed-by:	gmail.com
signed-by:	gmail.com
security:	Standard encryption (TLS) Learn more

Hello my Beloved in God,
With warm hearts I offer my greetings to you in the name of our God, and I hope this letter finds you in good time, I know that this message will appear as a surprise to you that we barely know but the grace of God directed me to you and I wish you read this message and be blessed in the name of God.
My name is Mrs. Edith Marie Roland, a French Nationality, married to late Mr. David Roland Alain. My late husband was a consultant with TOTAL Oil Company in Benin Republic for 19yrs before he died on a heart attack in 2009, (May his soul rest in peace) and since then, I took over his business but since June 2015, I was diagnosed with oesophagus cancer which is giving me terrible pains at the moment.
My doctor just informed me that my days are numbered because of my health condition. Currently, am admitted in a hospital here in Cotonou (Benin) which I have tried all I could without improvement.
My aim of contacting you now is that hence my health condition weakens badly every day and the doctor has informed me that I will not live longer on earth again and no one to leave my legacy hence I had no child with my late husband.
I have a fixed deposit of €3,500,000 (Three Million five hundred thousand euros) with Bank Of Africa Benin where me and my late husband lived for 26yrs and considering my present condition of health, I have decided to donate the funds to you so that you will help me to establish a charitable foundation in my memory so that the grace of God can be with me, and when am laid to rest, my soul can rest in the Kingdom of God because I believe it's the only way that God can forgive my sins and accept me in His Kingdom.
I have trust in you because I have prayed to God for several nights to direct me to a sincere person to whom I can entrust this work of humanity and it is the result of why I searched on my bedside computer before I got your email address and decided to contact you for this work of humanity.
Know that you can keep half of the money for yourself and the rest will be used to create a charitable foundation in my memory and to help promote fight against cancer.
Kindly ensure that the fund will be used as i have directed you. I count on your goodwill and especially on the proper use of these funds because I strongly believe that God will help you as I pass the right of next of kin to you.
I will like to hear from you as soon as possible so I can direct you on how to contact the bank for the claim as I don't know how long I may live on earth now.
Awaiting your prompt reply,
Yours Sincerely,
Mrs. Edith Marie Roland
