from:	Mr. Wu Hongbo <rj6393297@gmail.com>
reply-to:	"Mr. Wu Hongbo" <ubabank@vp.pl>
to:	
date:	Mon, Jul 3, 2017 at 6:26 PM
subject:	IRREVOCABLE PAYMENT ORDER
security:	yahoo.co.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Good day to you and your family, and how are you doing today? This is
to officially notify you that we have verified your payment file
presently on my desk, and I found out that you have not yet receive your
payment due to your lack of proper conduct and not fulfilling the
obligations given to you in respect to your payment.

Secondly, you are advised to stop any dealing with some non-officials
in the bank as this is an illegal act and will have to be stopped if you
really wish to receive your payment because they are there to terminate
and jeopardize your payment out of wickedness. Note that we have entered
into June which is the first segment of our foreign payment
in this fiscal year 2017 and you are among in our payment lists.

After the board of director meeting held last week, we have resolved in
finding a solution to handle your payment without anymore difficulties and
as you may know, we have arranged your payment worth US$15.5 Million Dollars,
through ATM Card/Bank to Bank Transfer or Online Banking,
which is the instruction given by our President, Dr. Patrice Talon
Republic of Benin recently.

This Card center will send you an ATM CARD which you will use to
withdraw your money from any ATM machine in your locations in any part of
the world if that becomes your choice of receipt, but the maximum is $2,500.00 per transaction and you can
withdraw 4 times per day which is $10,000.00USD.

So my dear, if you like to receive your money this way, please do
re-confirm the followings as stated below for second confirmation:

1. Full Names
2. Phone and Fax Number
3. Country of origin
4. Current Address
5. Age and Current Occupation
6. Your Identification Card/Driving License

We shall be expecting to receive your information and you have to stop
any further communication with anybody or office. On this regards, do
not hesitate to contact me for more details or direction, and also
please do update me with any new development.

You are advice to contact the department center with below email
address and phone number for immediate release of your payment Card to
you now

International settlement Officer
Rev Ferenc Horvat

Thanks for your co-operation and do update me once you receive your
Card.

Best Regards,
Mr. Wu Hongbo
Department of Economic and Social Affairs
