from:	MS. JENET DIBOR <"www."@road.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	"MS. JENET DIBOR" <ms_jenet.dibor67@hotmail.com>
to:	
date:	Mon, Jul 3, 2017 at 7:31 PM
subject:	Assistant Secretary of U.S in Benin State for African Affairs.
mailed-by:	road.ocn.ne.jp
security:	ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Attention: Beneficiary,

This is to bring to your notice that because of the impossibility of your fund
transfer through the western union, I am doing all I can to ensure you receive
your funds and I protected your funds for almost six Months now but I assure
you that you still have every opportunity to claim your entire funds from the
United State Embassy Office Benin Republic (U.S.E.B.R).

I am only trying to help you because of the way the payment was handled in the
past. Secondly, I can't seat and watch you lose your funds after confiding in
me. As matter of fact, there are still decent and God fearing people here in
the United State Embassy Office Benin Republic which I am a good example.

Since I resume this office in the year 2014, I have helped so many foreign
Contractors/Beneficiaries worldwide in claiming their long overdue funds from
the Benin Government.

If you don't want to conclude these matter before 30th, June just inform me
today so that I can know what next to do because I did all I could for my
government to protect your fund and your personality, and I can help you if you
help yourself.

If you can be able to come up with $65.00 for the Clearance Paper today, I will
make sure you get your fund soon as possible, your fund is ready to transfer to
you as I write to you now due to my effort and I don't know why you should be
dealing with people outside my office, just do your best and these transfer
will be conducted finally. Because  if the transfer is terminated there is no
way on earth you can get this fund due to the IMF will just have to cancel your
name from the payment file, its better you conclude these matter within the
given date.

Once you send the clearance fee, I assure you that you are going to confirm
your funds in your Country WITHIN 10HRS  through our choosing Diplomatic Agent.

I shall try my possible best to make sure I conclude the due legal process and
will like you to Take my word because I am strongly behind you and my effort to
this does not end until you confirm the availability of your fund in your
hands.

Please do not allow any body to deceive you, and I don't want you to be tired
of these, just take life easy and see what the result will be, I insure you
that your funds will be release to you, it's not easy and I believe you have
tried as well, so make sure you conclude these by paying clearance fee or your
payment will be terminated by the High Authority and that is all I can say for
now.

Note: that your consignment box has been arrived in US embassy andwaiting to
receive clearance papers before the gate pass is given. Meanwhile, you are
advise to reconfirm the below information upon contacting me to avoid delivery
to the wrong person.

1, Your full name:
2, Your home address:
3, Your occupation:
4, Direct Telephone Number:

Waiting to hear from you to enable me give you name to send the clearance fee
through Money Gram, for immediate action on the
release of your consignment.

Note: that you are expected to pay only $65.00 for clearance papers and you are
to pay it to Benin Republic as the origination of the consignment box.

Please treat this as matter of urgency. Note that any unclaimed consignment
will be return to the Courier Company after 3 days for final diversion. So you
are advise to comply very urgent so that your consignment will be among those
that will be deliver soon as possible.

Yours In Service,
MS. JENET DIBOR
