from:	Mrs.Mary Bustamante <"www."@cube.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	"Mrs.Mary Bustamante" <barristergeorgepetropoulos@gmail.com>
to:	
date:	Mon, Jul 10, 2017 at 3:05 PM
subject:	Attn: My Dear,
mailed-by:	cube.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Attn: My Dear,

I am Mrs. Mary Bustamante,Am a single mother of two, am a  US citizen,  I reside here in Harlingen Texas. My residential address is as  follows. 7901 W BUSINESS 83 LOT #1 HARLINGEN TEXAS 78552-0000, United States. am thinking of relocating since I am now rich. I am one of those that took part in the Compensation in Cotonou, Benin Republic many years ago and they refused to pay me, I had paid over US$35,000 while in the US, trying to get my payment all to no avail. So I decided to travel down to Cotonou, Benin Republic with all my compensation documents, And I was directed by the ( F B I) Director and US homeland security to contact  Barrister George Petropoulos, who is the member of COMPENSATION AWARD COMMITTEE, and I contacted him and he explained everything to me. he said whoever is contacting us through emails are fake.

He took me to the paying bank for the claim of my Compensation payment. Right now I am the most happiest woman on earth because I have received my compensation funds of $10.5 Million US Dollars Moreover, Barrister George Petropoulos, showed me the full information of those that are yet to receive their payments and I saw your email address as one of the beneficiaries, that is why I decided to email you to stop dealing with those people, they are not with your fund, they are only making money out of you. I will advise you to contact Barrister George Petropoulos.

You have to contact him directly on this information below.

COMPENSATION AWARD HOUSE

Name   : Barrister George Petropoulos (Esq)

Email  : barristergeorgepetropoulos@gmail.com

Direct Telephone: (+229-6023-7816


You really have to stop dealing with those people that are contacting you and telling you that your fund is with them, it is not in anyway with them, they are only taking advantage of you and they will dry you up until you have nothing. The only money I paid after I met Barrister George Petropoulos was just US$250 for the paper works, take note of that. As soon as you contact him he will send you the payment information which you are to use in sending the payment to him in order for him to obtain the documents from the court of law there in Benin Republic so that your fund can be transfer to you without any delay just the way mine was being transfer to me.

Send him the following details if you know you are ready to have your FUNDS so that as soon as he receive your information he will send to you the payment details for sending him the $250 USD that is needed for him to get the documents that is needed to make the transfer a successful one and that is that only payment i made to  Barrister George Petropoulos and he helped me in the transferring of my FUNDS and i must say that you have to contact him so that he will help you the way he helped me to Get my FUNDS without any further payment.

Fill out the information to him if you are ready to get your FUNDS

Your Full Name:...............
Direct Phone:....................
Country.................
Occupation:.....................
Gender:.........
Age:..............

Once again stop contacting those people, I will advise you to contact Barrister George Petropoulos so that he can help you to Deliver your fund instead of dealing with those liars that will be turning you around asking for different kind of money to complete your transaction.

Thank You and Be Blessed.
