from:	Rev. Jerry Mark <"www."@tune.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	"Rev. Jerry Mark" <diplomaticagent50@yahoo.com>
to:	
date:	Sat, Aug 12, 2017 at 5:29 AM
subject:	ATTN: Fund Beneficiary
mailed-by:	tune.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

ATTN: Fund Beneficiary

We have finally succeeded in getting your package worthy of $7.8Million out
of delivery your  consignment with the help of Dr Ben Moon Attorney
General of Federal High Court of Justice Benin which act as your foreign
Attorney representative here in Benin.

So every necessary arrangement has been made successfully with the Agent
Mr.David James of your package and every Documents guiding your delivery
is well updated so you are advice to re-confirm your full delivery
information to the Agent right now as he is currently at Los Angeles
International Airport in USA with your consignment box, As he called me
this morning to inform me that he misplaced your delivery address which he
has.

So you are advice to reconfirm your full delivery information to the
diplomat and call him with this  Number so as to have easy
conversation with him and to enable you give him full direction to get your
package delivered to you and hand you over your package safe and sound,
Furthermore you are advice to be very fast as the Agent Mr.David william
has no time to waste due to his flight ticket, So the Information you are
Required to Reconfirm to the Agent is as Follow.

(1)Your Full Name
(2)Mobile Phone Number
(3)Current Home Address
(4)Fax Number
(5)Country
(6)City
(7)Nearest Airport

As he is at Los Angeles International Airport in USA right now because of
the Searching and Scanning of the consignment box which made him to
misplace your address (8) A Copy of Your I D For attached Identification.
So contact him to deliver your package first thing tomorrow morning
possibly today, So get back to us immediately you contact the Agent to make
sure that your fund has getting to you without any hitch,

Please try to make sure that you contact him with this
Name- Agent... Mr.Mr.David william
Email mr diplomaticagent50@yahoo.com
Call or Email :....

So contact him to deliver your Consignment box first thing tomorrow morning
possibly today, So get back to us immediately you contact the Agent to make
sure that your fund has getting to you without any hitch, Furthermore
remember the Agent delivering the Consignment Box does not know the content
of that consignment box is money, Because the Attorney which represented
you registered it as a family value to avoid hitch during the delivery so
unknown circumstances should you let him know the content of that
consignment box is to avoid lost of your fund as your Consignment was Sign
and Stamp by Federal Ministry of Justice to make sure that it is protected
until it gets to you..

Regards


Rev. Jerry Mark
Mobile: (+229)99659251
