from:	BANK OF AMERICA NY <leonardokr@alice.it>
reply-to:	boa_newyork@aol.com
to:	
date:	Tue, Jul 25, 2017 at 6:13 AM
subject:	BANK OF AMERICA TELEGRAPHIC TRANSFER NOTICE.
mailed-by:	alice.it
security:	 alice.it did not encrypt this message Learn more

From The Desk of: Dr Grey Watson
Bank of America.
Branch Offices New York
1680 Broadway, New York.
NY 10019, USA.
Email: boa_newyork@aol.com
Vice Chairman on Investment Banking
Director, Credit Control Dept.



Attn: The Beneficiary,

TELEGRAPHIC TRANSFER NOTICE. Pls all respond should sent to ( boa_newyork@aol.
com )

We are hereby officially notify you concerning your fund telegraphic Transfer
through our  bank, Bank of America, New York, to your bank account, which has
been officially approved by the management of World Bank Swiss (WBS) to credit
the sum of US$18.5 Million into your bank account.

Note that I have started processing your payment and every thing concerning the
immediate remittance of your funds will be carried out within the shortest
possible time from the time we received your? Below needed information.

Also be informed that the Governor of Bank in London (BL) will sign on your
payment advice and a copy of the advice will be sent to the World Bank in Swiss
for some record purposes.

Meanwhile your information and your full contact details were received from our
research manager, Barr. Paul Peterson on your behalf to FRB for immediate
release of your fund, This fund was part of the lodged Late President Saddam
Hussein of Iraq discovery fund with World Bank of Switzerland, which the Swiss
Bank has decided to distribute it generously to help few lucky individuals and
the American Government is in agreement with the Swiss Bank to distribute the
fund to 700 hundred thousand people in America, Europe & Asia in other to help
improve their businesses.

Therefore, reconfirm the aforesaid information accurately, because this office
cannot afford to be held liable for any wrong transfer of funds or liable of
any fund credited into an unknown account.

These are the information we needed to be reconfirmed by you.

1.Your Full Bank Account Details
2.Your Direct Cell or office phone to reach you
3.Your address of locations
4.Your full name

Finally, you are required to reconfirm directly to me the above information to
enable me use it to process your bill of payment.

Pls all response should be sent to boa_newyork@aol.com, for immediate wire
transfer to you ( boa_newyork@aol.com )

Yours Faithfully,
Dr Grey Watson
Vice Chairman, Director, Credit /Telex
