from:	MISS MONICA SMITH <"www."@sepia.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	MISS MONICA SMITH <missmonicasmith@web.co.zw>
to:	
date:	Sun, Jul 30, 2017 at 8:31 AM
subject:	Can I completely trust you ?
mailed-by:	sepia.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Greetings To You,

I am the only Daughter of my late parents Mr and Mrs Nelson Smith. My father was a highly reputable business magnet who operated in the capital of Ivory coast during his days. It is sad to say that he passed away mysteriously after being poison in France during one of his business trips abroad on the 12th September 2003. Though his sudden death was linked or rather suspected to have been masterminded by an uncle of mine who traveled with him that same day. But God knows the truth! My mother died when I was just 6yrs old,and since then my father took me so special. Before his death on September 2003, he called me and informed me that he has the sum of Five Million, Seven Hundred thousand United State Dollars.(USD$5,700,000.00 million dollar)left in fixed deposit account in one of the leading banks in Africa. He further told me that he deposited the money in my name, and also gave me all the necessary but legal documents to this fund with the bank. I am just 24 years old and a university undergraduate and really don't know what to do.

Now I want an account overseas where I can transfer this funds and after the transaction is completed I will come and reside permanently in your country till such a time that will be convenience for me to return back home if I so desire. This is because I have suffered a lot of set backs as a result of incessant political crisis here in Ivory coast and the way i have been beating up by my uncle who is still planning his way to kill me and have my money please help me out and save my life from this miserable and sorrowful life i found my self into, just because am an orphan no father,mother either sister or brother who will wipe away my tears . The death of my parents actually brought sorrow to my life. I also want to invest the fund under your care because I am ignorant of business world .I am in a sincere desire of your humble assistance in this regards. Your suggestions and ideas will be highly regarded. Now permit me to ask these few questions:

(1)Can you honestly help me in securing my money in your care with all your heart?
(2)Can I completely trust you ?
(3)What percentage of the total amount in question will be good for
you after the money is transfer in your account?
(4)please am ready to accept any percentage I have also map out %10
for any expense you will it may cost us during this process of
transaction but please can you assist with little finance to release
my money to your Personal Account Oversea ?

Please, consider this and get back to me as soon as possible.
Immediately I confirm your willingness, I will send to you my Picture and the Document you needed to see also inform you more details involved in this matter okay.
Kind Regards,
Miss Monica Smith
