from:	City National Bank Of Colorado City <stefanovadilonga@alice.it>
reply-to:	goldenfutureboy1@yahoo.com
to:	
date:	Fri, Jul 28, 2017 at 3:00 PM
subject:	City National Bank of Colorado City
mailed-by:	alice.it
security:	 alice.it did not encrypt this message Learn more

City National Bank of Colorado City

ATM International credit Settlement.
Directorate of International Payment.

Attn: My Dear Beneficiary!

This is to officially notify you about your Fund that was suppose to be
rendered to you via numerous ways i.e, Courier Companies, Western Union Money

Transfers, and Banks wire transfer. Due to this lost of Funds of our’s which
was suppose to be given to you but failed to. So in this case, a beneficial
meeting

was held on the 17th of July 2017 at the World Bank in Switzerland, which top
officials and Central Bank Governors from different countries in the world
were

present at the meeting, Which they discussed on how your Fund can be given to
you without any lost at this time. Be informed that you have to stop any

further communication with any other person(s) or office(s) to avoid any
hitches in receiving your ATM payment. In conclusion at the meeting, The
President

of World Bank, Jim Yong Kim, has strictly authorized 6 Banks in the World to
deliver all individual beneficiary Funds through courier companies. Your Fund

which is truly 15 Million USD (Fifteen million united states dollars) which
was
found among beneficiary list to be paid in various countries in the world via

ATM MASTER CARD. Below are the authorized Banks;

Daiwa Bank®/Osaka/Japan.
....................................
Caja De Madrid/Madrid/Spain.
....................................
Lloyds Bank®/London/England.
.......................................
Banco di Santo Spirito/Rome/Italy.
........................................
Bank of New York Mellon Corp/New York/USA.
.........................................
City National Bank of Colorado City

Each of these Banks are to distribute 350 ATM MASTER CARDS to all
beneficiaries
in the World that are to receive their compensation ATM CARD. So, this

Bank (City National Bank of Colorado City) will send you your ATM CARD which
you will use to withdraw your money in any ATM machine in any part of the

world, but the maximum withdrawal is 50,000 Dollars  per day. Note that this
ATM CARD of yours has been activated and a security pin code number will

be issued to you from this Bank as soon as you receive your Card for a safer
withdrawal. Please contact the ATM CARD payment department Manager Mr

Robert Hills .by sending your information to Him for an immediate response.
Contacts of Mr Robert Hills as below;

MrRobert Hills (goldenfutureboy1@yahoo.com)
Director of ATM payment department .City National Bank of Colorado City
PHONE NUMBER..+1 985 218 5996


YOUR FULL NAME:
SEX:
COUNTRY:
OCCUPATION:
PHONE:
HOME ADDRESS
A Scan Copy of your Identity: ?

Please make a Choice of delivery for the Shipping of your ATM CARD as they are
as charged Below;

DHL COURIER COMPANY Shipping fee: USD 350.00 (1 day delivery)
FedEx COURIER COMPANY Shipping fee: USD 230.00 (2 day delivery)
UPS COURIER COMPANY Shipping fee: USD 150.00 (3 day delivery)

Receiver's Fred Odu
Country: Benin Republic
city: Cotonou
Amount: your choice of delivery
Through: Money gram



For oral discussion, you can reach
Mr Robert Hills, via email or phone his hot line given to you above as soon as
you receive this important message for further directions and also update him

on any development from the above mentioned office. NOTE: Due to impostors, we
hereby issued you our code of conduct, which is (ATM), so you have to

indicate this code when contacting the card center by using it as your subject.

Sincerely Yours,
Mr Robert Hills
City National Bank of Colorado City
In Respect of The World Bank
