from:	Dr William Mike <super@superweb.sg>
reply-to:	willzzmk01@gmail.com
to:	Recipients <super@superweb.sg>
date:	Mon, Jul 24, 2017 at 9:47 AM
subject:	CONSIGNMENT...sevitana
security:	 heiko-rudolf.de did not encrypt this message Learn more

STATUTORY ANOMALIES ON YOU RECEIVING YOUR APPROVED
FUND AS AND
INHERITANCE.
FROM: DELIVERY AGENT
Dr William Mike
Hello!!!
Firstly, I wish to introduce myself as a sympathizer of your situation. I
am the Comptroller of Fund Movement Terminal and Director of national
warehouse where abandoned fund/valuables consignments are dumped.

This is to inform you that fresh arrangement was made by me to conclude the shipment of your consignment of funds to your country. I choose to do it and make sure it has left the shores of Nigeria already before contacting you. I found out that this consignment has been lying here because of lack of contact and none payment of delivery cost This is why I decided to use my connections as the Delivery/Shipment officer in charge of the National Security warehouse. (This is where all the abandoned consignments in Nigeria are kept at the orders of the Government of Nigeria for seizure or destruction.

Therefore, this letter is highly confidential and top secret. For this reason,you must not inform anybody about this letter or my contact with
you. You must keep my relationship with you to be topped secret and highly confidential because as I have arranged your consignment to the Diplomatic
Security Company in Nigeria where the delivery will come from to your house, so no one must know so that the fund will not raise an eye brow.

CONDITIONS OF THIS DELIVERY

1. You must keep my relationship with you highly secret/confidential.

2. You must not expose all the above information to anybody.

3. You must be willing to act fast on any information, directives and
advice from me and the Diplomatic Security Company in Nigeria.

Note: I know the content of the Box because I could see the amount you are being owned by the Federal Government of Nigeria as an inheritance. This is why I decided to get involved. You must also know that this arrangement do not concern all the people that you have had contact with in Nigeria before today as this consignment/Payment has been surrendered to the Government, Hence my involvement.

As soon as I receive your response, I will give you more details on the way of such arrangements and I will also give you the full contact information of the Diplomatic Security Company in Nigeria as soon as you have contacted me.

Therefore, further details will be furnished to you as soon as I receive your reply.

Yours Sincerely

Dr William Mike

Director Of National Warehouse

---
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software.
https://www.avast.com/antivirus
