from:	Mr.Patrick Johnson <"WWW."@sirius.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	"Mr.Patrick Johnson" <rev.peteryoung655@yahoo.com>
to:	
date:	Sat, Aug 19, 2017 at 10:36 AM
subject:	Contact Rev Father For Your Funds
mailed-by:	sirius.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Attn Dear,

I believe that you have not forgotten me, although it was indeed a very long time we communicate last. Well, this is to thank you for your past effort to assist me in moving out late Mr. Alvin Peter's funds out the Bank East Asia New York city at that time, I understand your thought that time, that I wasn’t for real and you said that I am a scam but I told you that am not a scam and you understood me and did your best to assist me but could not conclude the transaction with me. I thank God for his grace and favor upon my life because there was a man called Hagen Benjamin from Denmark  who finally helped me to move the money to his account so the Bank East Asia did not seize funds of late Alvin peter any more. I thank God very much for all He has done.

I am so glad to write this email to you today, God is really wonderful and so kind to me, God makes a way where there is no way, I did not believe that I will move out from New York by now, but God has made it possible for me. So I am happy to inform you about my success in getting those funds transferred under my new partner from Copenhagen, Denmark, I am currently in the Copenhagen for my studies here in the Denmark, Meanwhile, I did not forget all your past efforts and attempts to assist me that time in transferring those funds despite that it failed us some how due to one reason or the other. But because i made a promise to God that i must surely compensate you as the first person who tried all your best to help me despite that you did not conclude the transaction but i could not forget your good advice and encouragement which gave me at that time.

Now i want you to contact our parish priest: Reverend Fr.Peter Young who used to be a good father to me when I was in New York City,click and write him email. (rev.peteryoung655@yahoo.com)

I told him to send a certified bank check of (US1,700,000.00), which I prepared for you and kept for your compensation for all efforts and attempts to assist me in this matter, knowing fully well that I would have not succeeded if not your advice and encouragement to me at that time. Please accept this little token as it is, but I really appreciate your efforts at that time very much. So feel free to contact Rev. Father at (rev.peteryoung655@yahoo.com)  and instruct him where to send you the cashier check.

Note: Below is the required information's you will send to Rev. Father Dominic Mark:
(1) Your full names: kevin king
(2) Your house address:510 davis st emporia va 23847
(3) Your telephone number:
(4) Your identification e.g. Drivers license

Please let me know immediately you receive it so we can share our joy together after all the sufferings at that time. At this point, I’m very busy here because of my studies and some project that we have at hand. Finally, remember that I had forwarded instruction to the Rev. Father Peter Young on your behalf to receive that check but you have to reconfirm it again to avoid any mistake. So do not hesitate to contact him and he will send the amount to you without any delay.

And please do not forget to inform me as soon as you received the cashier check.

Take care and God bless you.

Regards


Mr.Patrick Johnson
