from:	Mr. Ibrahim Mustafa Magu <efcc@don.ng>
reply-to:	barr.timothysmth72@yahoo.com
to:	
date:	Mon, Aug 14, 2017 at 4:11 AM
subject:	ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL CRIMES COMMISSION
security:	 Standard encryption (TLS) Learn more

Economic And Financial Crimes Commission
Foreign Operations Dept,
15a, Awolowo Road, Ikoyi
Lagos-Nigeria
Our Ref: Efcc/File/0086/142/2017a
 
 
Attention: Dear Beneficiary
 
I am Mr. Ibrahim Mustafa Magu, the chairman Economic And Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in alliance with Economic Community of West  African states (ECOWAS) with head Office here in Nigeria.
 
It has been revealed that there's no fund in your name anywhere in the world, if you have been recieving e-mails from Banks,Lottery house, Inheritance and the likes,you're hereby advised to ignore such e-mails,they are impostors trying to rip you off your hard earn money and if you're in communication with anyone/office claiming that your funds is with them,we advise you to seize further communication and transaction with such persons/office immediately,they are all liars and thieves. Also you're required to forward such emails to this commission to help aid the arrest of this fraudsters and impostors.
 
We have been working towards the eradication of fraudsters and scam artist in western part of Africa with the help of the United States Government and the United Nations in conjunction with the FBI. We have been able to track down so many of this cyber thieves in various parts of Western African countries such as (NIGERIA, REPUBLIC OF BENIN, TOGO, GHANA CAMEROON AND SENEGAL), they are all in our custody and also in the watchful eyes of the United States Secret Agents(USSA) here in Nigeria,also huge sums of money was recovered from them during interrogation.
 
In that regard,several meetings was held between this Commission, the United Nation,United States Government and the African Union in Abuja the federal capital of Nigeria and agreement was reached that victims of these scam should be compensated with the money recovered from these cyber thieves currently in our custody.
 
This e-mail is directed to you because during investigations, your information was found in the file and computer hard disk belonging to one of the fraudster in our custody. This is to inform you that a Debit Cash Card Valued at $550,000,00  has been accredited in your favour. We hereby officially notify you about the present arrangement to compensate you with the sum stated above with Pacific foreign exchange allocation number: PT/sss/00/FEN3345 (Note down). We have decided to make your Compensation refund payable to you through (ATM MasterCard). This arrangement was initiated/constituted by the World Bank and the FBI for security reasons,due to fraudulent activities going on globally. The ATM MasterCard was contracted and powered by FIRST BANK  OF NIGERIA PLC.
 
The World Bank,FBI in agreement with this Commission introduced this payment arrangement to enable all beneficiary receive their funds without any interference. You are urgently required to contact the sole Agent (Barr. Timothy George Smith) appointed and assigned the duty of your claims process by ECOWAS and the World Bank,and also to advocate on your behalf and provide the requested evidence to process the payment approval for your fund to be released to you.
 
Contact him with the following information noted down below:-
 
NAME: Barr. Timothy George Smith
E-MAIL: barr.timothysmth72@yahoo.com
TEL: +234 (906)-971-3394
 
Kindly provide him with your details enclosed,to enable him process and secure evidence to aid the release of your payment to you,also make sure your details and residential address are provided correctly.
 
FULLNAME:…..
AGE:…..
GENDER:…..
ADDRESS:…..
COUNTRY:…..
OCCUPATION:…..
MOBILE NUMBER:…..
 
Upon the receipt of this information, your funds will be credited into the ATM MasterCard by the endorsed paying bank before we proceed for dispatch of the Card directly to your nominated mailing address by (UPS). The only fee you are to remit to the Agent as instructed is the processing fee of $375 for the procurement of legal evidence from the Supreme Court to prove to the African Union that you are a victim of scam,so you absolutely have nothing to worry about as all we need is your prompt response and co-operation. As soon as the above mentioned $375 is received,the COURT LEGAL TENDER will be secured on your behalf immediately. We guarantee you 100% safety and wish you the best of luck.
 
Best Regards,
 
Mr. Ibrahim Mustafa Magu
Chairman, Economic And Financial Crimes Commission
Foreign Operations Dept,
Federal Republic of Nigeria.
