from:	Mr. Ruben Robert, Manager ATM Department <d_fiorucci@tim.it>
reply-to:	uba.group.ofbank@gmail.com
to:	
date:	Tue, Jul 11, 2017 at 2:18 AM
subject:	From United Bank for Africa Republique du Benin
security:	 alice.it did not encrypt this message Learn more

Attention Dear Customer.

In receipts of your active retort to United Bank for Africa {UBA} regarding
the immediate release of your ATM worth GBP5.7 Million, we acknowledged your
details therein and your ATM Master Card has been issued out this morning, the
Card is available right now in my Office for immediate pick up by you as the
rightful owner, while the Pin Code which you will use to access it is under the
supervise of Foreign Welfare Trusted Committee Rep. Benin {FWTCRB} for security
reasons. be rest assured that  your ATM Master Card has been approved and
upgraded  in your favor this morning. The amount upgraded in is GBP 5.7
Million. Official invitation have been extended to you to visit United Bank For
Africa {UBA} Republique du Benin and collect your ATM Master Card and Pin Code
by yourself so that you will activate it and start withdrawing Money/funds from
any ATM Visa Machine in any part of the World, but the amount you can withdraw
in a day is GBP 3,500 as it was programmed.

Alternatively, if you are unable to visit United Bank for Africa Republique du
Benin for collection of your ATM Master Card and Pin Code, then you must
therefore send your representative to collect it on your behalf and If you can’
t send any body, then you will comply with us to enable us send the
Card to you through our Diplomatic Courier Company.

Shipment fee is  $35 .
Insurance Fee $50
Total: $85

Your ATM Master Card must be insured so that it can get to you without any
problem or diversion. This is because these ATM Master Card can be use to
withdraw money/funds from any ATM Visa Machine. Your secret Pin Code will be
given to you once you received the Card from us for security reason, the
payments must be paid to enable us shipped the ATM Master Card to your address
to enable you Activate it once you received it and start withdrawing GBP 3500
from any ATM Visa Machine
in any part of the world.

Indicated below Payment information is our Chief Protocol Officer Accountant
Name which you will use to send the fee you choose via Western Union or Money
Gram and forward the payment details to us to enable proceed immediately.

Receiver's Name... ZUVOL TISJE
Country... Republique du Benin
City…. Cotonou
Text question…..Very
Text answer...Urgent
Amount…. 85?
Mtcn....
Sender...

As soon as the fee is received, we shall immediately dispatch your ATM Master
Card to your address and it will take only 2 days to arrive to your home to
enable you start withdrawing funds that same day from any ATM Visa Machine
nearest to you. Thanks for your understanding and we are waiting for your quick
reply and the payment information for the shipment of your ATM.

Remain Bless for your Co-operating with us into (UBA).

Yours in service,
Mr. Ruben Robert, Manager ATM Department
United Bank for Africa Republique du Benin
Telephone no: +229-6201-7300.
