from:	Mr. John Koskinen <"www."@jeans.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	"Mr. John Koskinen" <officefile17@citromail.hu>
to:	
date:	Thu, Jul 13, 2017 at 3:26 PM
subject:	Fund Reconciliation Department
mailed-by:	jeans.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Fund Reconciliation Department
Internal Revenue Service United States
Department of the Treasury Accessibility Skip to Top Navigation

In adherence to the specifications of the United States Government, the management of the Fund Reconciliation Department here in Alabama, USA, wishes to let you know that your fund totaling the amount of $10.5 million is long over due, every precept regarding your funds has been concluded. You will be receiving your funds from this office any moment from now. We shall keep document report of every transaction done here in the USA. Investigations gathered by the Fund Regulatory Agency {IMF}, shows you have been receiving numerous emails from several offices requesting you to claim your funds. In some cases, you tried a lot but still the transfer or delivery was not completed due to one reason or the other. The fact is that you are stuck between the chains which make it impossible for you to differentiate the real office from its counterfeit.

I know you will be expecting to hear from me regarding this delivery after the last attempt to get it over. The fact is that I understand you're been into so many transaction and I decided to stay clear so that you will understand the truth about everything going on within the internet.

We learn that the only real office that has ever contacted you in respect to your funds is Federal Reserve Bank of New York. It was brought to our notice that the Chairperson of the Federal Reserve Bank, Janet Louise Yellen, made voluntary effort to have your funds transferred into your account or delivered to you in form of an AMT Visa Card but couldn't complete the process due to some fall-out on your ends as you couldn't meet up with the fee demand for the transfer, so they gave up on you. In a more proper and legalized manner, the Fund Reconciliation Department and the Federal Reserve Bank solicited us to allow your fund to be written as a Cashier's Check or Credited as an ATM Visa Card and have it shipped to your home address through USPS Priority Mail Express. This option is considered to be the best, easiest and the most efficient way to have you get your long awaited United Nations approved funds.

For the purpose to avoiding double payment on your end, we had an agreement with the IMF and the Federal Reserve Bank to document every charge necessary until your funds worth $10.5 million get to you. The analytical group of the two offices mentioned above estimated an accurate sum of US$180.00 as the Fund Release Order Certificate. So it was constituted and officially submitted to the Court of Justice that “the only” charge you will ever pay before your package leaves our office here in USA is US$180.00 which is the fee for your Procurement File to be signed and sent to us here in the USA after which you’ll never spend a dime again. We are renowned and reputable USA Agency and we don't like undocumented processes. This is why it has to be written down on paper that you will never pay any other money. The US$180.00 is for "Fund Release Order Certificate". The Chairperson of the Federal Reserve Bank, Janet Louise Yellen will be coming to Alabama in few days time, so she will have the Power of Attorney to stand in and sign on your behalf and bring along with her your Procurement File to us here to enable us post your loaded ATM Card/Check to your mailing address without any hitch.

Therefore, the days of you being subjected to paying fees after fees is over as that is the case with some corrupt officials down there in Africa, whom always strive to subject beneficiaries to hard bureaucratic bottle-necks, thereby making it impossible for most innocent USA citizens and the likes to claim what rightfully belongs to them. Thank God that your fund is here in Alabama, USA. We have decided to follow the USA constitutions so as to ensure that your money is in your hands this week. Without mincing words, it will be desirous if you consciously adhere to the above instruction by remitting the Fund Release Order Certificate is calculated to be US$180.00. You are advised to kindly reply this email with the below details enclosed to help ensure safe mailing of your ATM Visa Card:

Kindly Still Update Us With:

1. Your Name which you prefer we use when shipping your ATM Card
2. Your Current mailing (Delivery) Address where your ATM Card should be mailed
3. You’re Private Mobile Number for the Priority Express Mail to Contact you when they arrive at your door step.

 Once again, we are sorry for the inconveniences you might have encountered in the past, in pursuit of your funds. Now that this office, Fund Reconciliation Department is involved, you will have no cause to ever regret again as soon as you adhere to the above given instructions.

Regards,
Yours Sincerely,
IRS Commissioner,
Mr. John Koskinen
