from:	Dr. Christopher Brown <"dr.cbrown."@rondo.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	"Dr. Christopher Brown" <dr.cbrown@yandex.com>
to:	
date:	Sun, Jul 16, 2017 at 6:00 PM
subject:	Good Day Friend;
mailed-by:	rondo.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Good Day Friend;

My name is Dr. Christopher Brown, A banker by Profession and Currently A Director of Finance Auditing and Accounting Unit in my Bank, Which the name will giving to you as soon as you respond for security reason. I got your email address in my search for a reputable and reliable person to help me claim the sum of Fifteen Million Six Hundred Thousand United State Dollars ($15,600,000.00) Deposited in our Bank by one of our customer Eng. Mueller who die with his wife and two children on the 21Th day of April 2001 in car clash along Aflao express road.

Since his death no one has come up as his next of kin and all our efforts to locate any member of his family immediate family has prove Abortive that was why I decided to see if I can get anybody who has the same surname or last name with him via Internet preferably some one of the same nationality with him which I believe you have all the qualities we need. Why I am contacting you is to present you to our bank as the next of Kin to the deceased customer. He was Drilling contractor with some Oil Companies here in west Africa. So it will be more acceptable and wiser to present you through paper work to the Bank for claim of the total fund.

I will give you all the necessary requirements that the bank may request from you and follow up the transfer of the fund into your account as an Insider. It will interest you to know that I and my partners has been keeping the account dormant to enable our plans for the funds to come through and this is the time and we are happy to locate you for the perfection of the transfer of the Fund into your nominated Bank Account to be given.

As soon as I get your positive response I will update you about the mode of disbursement and we will also need to know about investing in your Country as a way of helping your people who suppose are the original owner's of this Fund, I suggest you get back to me as soon as possible through my confidential email (dr.cbrown@yandex.com) stating your wish in this deal.

Looking forward to your urgent response by updating me with direct telephone number for easy communication.

Yours Specially


Dr. Christopher Brown
dr.cbrown@yandex.com
