from:	Mr.John Lucas <Japanjbkoy@themis.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	johnlucas8600@gmail.com
to:	
date:	Sun, Jul 30, 2017 at 6:17 AM
subject:	Payment Release Instruction From Central Bank of Spain
mailed-by:	themis.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Central Bank of Spain
Calle 24 Getafe
Valencia Spain

Attention;Beneficiary


Payment Release Instruction From Central Bank of Spain


Acting on our capacity as the international correspondent bank to the International Monetary Fund Organization, this is to officially notify you that we have received a confirmation advice from the International Monetary Funds External Auditors Committee, World Bank,United Nations Organization and the Central Bank of Spain respectively via International Payment Voucher Number: IMF/CBS/BOA-93WB82UN567-G requesting our bank to direct the JP Morgan Chase Bank,24 Wood Rd,Miami Florida.United State America.


a subsidiary of the Central Bank of Spain to disburse your due wining/inheritance and contract payment valued at Three Million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars in your favor via their branch in USA.


In consideration of the above, you have been issued with this Exclusive Reference Identification Number (IMF/FRB-NY/9USXX10751/09), Vide Transaction No.: WHA/EUR/202 and Transfer Allocation No.: FRB/X44/701LN/NYC/US, Password: 339331, Pin Code: 78569, Certificate of Merit No: 104, Release Code No: 0876; Immediate JPMCB Telex Confirmation No: -222568; Secret Code: XXTN014. Having received these vital payment numbers, you are instantly qualified to receive and confirm your payment within the next 72hrs. as necessary clearance has been granted from the International Monetary Funds External Auditors to release the funds to you with immediate effect.


In view of this directive received from the International Monetary Funds (IMF), we have on our own part verified your payment file as directed to us, and your name is next on the list of outstanding fund beneficiaries to receive their payment at this first  quarter of year 2017. With that being done, you are required to urgently contact the JP Morgan Chase Bank through their International Funds Release Supervisor Mr.John Lucas.


ATTN Mr.John Lucas (Head, Funds Release Supervisor)
Email:( johnlucas8600@gmail.com )


And reconfirm your international payment voucher number and your reference identification number respectively before that office with a view to the final remittance approval and subsequent crediting of your bank account to the tune of funds as stated herein.


We wish to inform you of the need for you to also re-confirm the following information before the JP Morgan Chase Bank to enable the officer in-charge to proceed with the preliminary arrangements that will enhance the immediate release of your funds. Owing to security reasons, be clearly informed that we will not respond to any phone calls/general inquiries placed to our bank with regards to the remittance of your funds by beneficiaries as we are barred from doing so, you are therefore advised to communicate only with the accredited officer for further remittance advice.


1) Full Name:
2) Full Address;
3) Your contact telephone and fax number;
4) Your Age and Profession;
5) Copy of any valid form of your Identification;
6) Your Bank name;
7) Your Bank Address;
8) Account name and Number;
9) ABA/Routing Number;
10) Swif
t or Sort Code/IBAN;

Thank you for your anticipated co-operation.

TREAT AS URGENT.
Central Bank of Spain
