from:	Mrs Robin Sanders <malawi@luck.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	fambassadortonigeria@gmail.com
to:	
date:	Mon, Jul 10, 2017 at 6:26 AM
subject:	PAYMENT NOTIFICATION
mailed-by:	luck.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Attn; Beneficiary,
 
I am Mrs Robin Sanders, Former U.S.A Ambassador to Nigeria. With reference to your entitlement fund and inline with the CHANGE OF BENEFICARY'S APPLICATION, signed by Mrs. Glenda F. Ward with your purported authorization. This issue has been carefully examined and we have declined Mrs. Ward's application as the application lacks regular signature. But Did you ever instruct Mrs Glenda F. Ward to claim your fund worth US$7.000.000? Below is the bank account information provided by Mrs Glenda F. Ward saying that you authorized her to claim your fund that you are terminally ill.
 
1. BANK NAME: BANK OF AMERICA
2. BANK ADDRESS: Kerrville Texas 78028 USA
3. ACCOUNT #: 3202650
4. ROUTING #: 114922443
 
If you had not authorized the change of your bank account in respect to your outstanding entitlement Payment, therefore notify me immediately as the notification / declaration was supported with a sworn affidavit from Lagos high court ref: ilk /jj/202/k2015, dated 20th June 2017 and signed by Mrs. Glenda Ward who claim and stated in the sworn declaration that you authorized her to claim the said fund on your behalf to a different bank account in the U.S.A as stated above because you were terminally ill and the Doctor who is incharge of your case stated that you will not stay more than one Month before passing away.
 
This development has caused lots of discrepancies in your payment file that is why we had to suspend your payment and prompted to contact you directly before re-validating your payment. You can be rest assured that I will do everything within my capacity to successfully actualize the quick transfer of your fund to any of your nominated bank account.
 
Kindly get back to me as soon as possible so that I will direct you on what to do.
 
Sincerely Yours
Mrs Robin Sanders
Fmr. U.S Ambassador
