from:	Dr GODWIN EMEFIELE <"www."@galaxy.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	drgodwineme112@gmail.com
to:	
date:	Tue, Jul 18, 2017 at 4:10 PM
subject:	PLEASE TREAT AS URGENT AND GET BACK TO ME
mailed-by:	galaxy.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

FROM THE DESK OF
Dr GODWIN EMEFIELE
CENTRAL BANK GOVERNOR (CBN)
Federal Republic of Nigeria
Tel my direct line.+234 8132291009

ATTN:SIR/MADAM


I am Dr GODWIN EMEFIELE , the CENTRAL BANK GOVERNOR (CBN) I decided to contact you because of the prevailing security report reaching my office and the intense nature of polity in Nigeria. This is to inform you about our plan to send your fund to you via cash Delivery, Or BY ATM CARD this system will be easier for you and for us. We are going to send your contract part payment/inheritance of US$11.2 Million to you via Diplomatic courier service,I have secured every needed document to cover the money. Note: The Money is coming on 2 security proof boxes, the boxes are sealed with Synthetic nylon seal and padded with machine. I will use my position as The Director international Telex Department c.b.n to release this fund to You.The boxes are coming with a Diplomatic agent who will accompany the Boxes to your house address.All you need to do now is to send to me:

1. Your full name and house address
2. Your identity such as, international passport
or a copy of your driver's license
3. Your contact phone numbers,

The Diplomatic attached will travel with this required information's For the delivery of your fund.He will call you immediately he arrives Your country's airport. I hope you understand me. I will let you know when these consignments will be lifted, and Note: The diplomat does not know the original contents of the boxes.What I declared to him as the contents is Sensitive Photographic Film Material. I did not declare money to him please. If they call you and Ask you the contents please tell them the same thing ok. Call me immediately and I will let you know how far I have gone with The arrangement.I will secure the Diplomatic immunity clearance Certificate that will be tagged on the boxes to make it stand as a diplomatic consignment, which I will dispatch along with the security inner Keys of the consignments to enable you access these consignments as soon as it is delivered to you. This clearance will make it pass every custom checkpoint all over the world without hitch. Confi
 rm the receipt of this message an
Best Regards,

The CENTRAL BANK GOVERNOR (CBN)

Federal Republic of Nigeria
my direct line my direct line.+234 8132291009   ,
Sincerely Yours,

Dr GODWIN EMEFIELE
