from:	Presidency Office <"www."@galaxy.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	fgn_nig@presidency.com
to:	
date:	Mon, Jul 31, 2017 at 11:29 AM
subject:	Re - Change of Bank Account Details.
mailed-by:	galaxy.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Re - Change of Bank Account Details.
I want to bring to your notice that i have today received a Notice for a Change of Fund Ownership/ Account application   from  Mr. Pedro Nunez.   Mr Pedro asked us to deposit your  fund to this new account stated below.
Commerce Bank
Beneficiary name: Pedro Nunez
Routing number: 10173619
Account number: 029651321
Swift code: CBKCUS44
He said that you have a new contract in Kansas City, Missouri  and has ran out of funds hence you want us to immediately deposit  your approved compensation fund to the new account above. I am therefore writing to  find out if you are the one that  authorized this new change of account .
Meanwhile, it has also come to my notice that your name/payment  has Never been Gazetted  on the official Government website   as an approved payment.  This explains the reason why all your efforts to get this Fund has proved abortive.
The NNDSD was established on 7th April, 2016 to centrally coordinate the management of debt owed foreign contractors, which was hitherto being done by a myriad of establishments in an uncoordinated fashion. This diffused public debt management strategy led to inefficiencies and also created fundamental problems, including the following:
1:Operational inefficiency and poor coordination;
2:Inadequate debt data recording system and poor information flow across agencies with consequent inaccurate and incomplete debt records;
3:Extreme difficulty in the verification of creditors’ claims due to conflicting figures from the various bodies handling the debt management function;
4:Complicated and inefficient debt service arrangements, which created protracted payment procedure and often led to penalties that added to the nation’s debt stock;
5:Inadequate manpower and poor incentive systems for the affected personnel, which affected outputs and performance;
6:Lack of consistent well-defined debt management strategies which led to bureaucratic challenges that gave opportunity to fraudulent officials to cheat, deceive and scam unsuspecting fund beneficiaries.
The consideration of these myriad problems led government to support the establishment of a relatively autonomous public debt management department, which resulted in the formation of the NNDSD in April, 2016. The need for the creation of a separate public debt management department was therefore aimed at addressing some of the issues raised above.
Respond back to me immediately you receive this Memo  to confirm  if you  are the one that authorized  your  fund  to be sent to the new back account in  Kansas City, Missouri, USA.
I await your urgent response.
Yours faithfully,
 
 
 
Mr. Femi  Ojo
Sr. Special Asst Media/Publicity
For: Acting President Yemi Osibanjo
Federal Republic of Nigeria
