from:	General Raymond <General@fine.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	raymondxray099x1@gmail.com
to:	
date:	Sun, Aug 20, 2017 at 2:32 AM
subject:	Re: From Gen. Raymond.
mailed-by:	fine.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

For Your Attention
 
I know you will be skeptical to reply my email base on what is happening in the internet world today. One have to be very careful as scam has taken over the internet today to defraud innocent citizens, this has made it very difficult for people to believe anything that comes through the internet.
 
I got your contact from your Email domain hence the desire to contact you is for you to partner with me. If you are honest and can be  trusted, I think we can work together on this project. I am an American and you should be rest assured that I cannot be involved in scam in any way.
 
I am Gen.Raymond Odierno, from the U.S. Army;  Among those deployed from Iraq in the beginning of the war in 2003.I really need your help in assisting me with the safe keeping of my funds which was moved to a private Security Company from Iraq. I hope you can be trusted?
 
Though, I would like to hold back some information for security reasons for now until you  find time to visit the BBC website stated below to enable you have an insight of what I intend sharing with you, believing that it would be of your desired interest one-way or the other.
 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/2988455.stm
 
Waiting to hear from you having visited the above website to enable us discuss on a more clarifying manner to the best of your understanding. I must say that I am very uncomfortable sending this message to you without knowing truly if you will misunderstand the importance of this letter and decides to go public. In this regards, I will not hold back to say that the essence of this message is strictly for mutual benefit between you and I and nothing more.
 
Meanwhile, could you send me an email confirming that you have visited the site.
 
Best Regards
Gen.Ray.
