from:	Bradbury <Japanjbkoy@themis.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	kennybradbury41@gmail.com
to:	
date:	Thu, Jul 27, 2017 at 8:58 PM
subject:	RE: From Garanti Bank of Turkey Integration,
mailed-by:	themis.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Headquarters: Istabul Turkey,
Founded: 1914, istanbul, istanbul, Turkey
ADDRESS: 33 Faith Istanbul Turkey , F.I.T 10045-0001
Email: kennybradbury41@gmail.com
From the desk of Dr Kenny Bradbury
Attention Dear, Greetings From Garanti Bank of Turkey Integration, am hereby to inform you that an alert come to us today from United Nation Official through the help of Federal Bureau of Investigation {FBI}. And according to the reporter, World bank organization together with United State Embassy Turkey Republic,have approved to compensate You as a scam victim with the Sum of $25.5miilon, and your email address was found among the 10 lucky beneficiaries,meanwhile the fund will be release this week as soon as the beneficiary meetup/comply with the instruction/requirements.
We apologies for the delay of your payment and all the inconveniences we might put you through, while we were having some minor problems with our payment system which in all case not meeting up with fund beneficiary payments, we apologies once again.
From the records of outstanding contractors due for payment with federal Government of U.S.A your name was discovered as next on the list out of the 10 outstanding contractors who have not yet received their payments during the 3 years tenure of the previous administration in office please bear with us for making this initial contact through email. Meanwhile, a woman came to this bank a few days ago with a letter claiming to be your true representative and is willing to pay For the wire/transfer charge of $109 to have the fund delivered to her. Here is her information’s below.
Name: Mrs.Annette stillman
Bank name: Citibank , Arizona , USA .
Account Number: 6503809008
Routing number: 322271627
Swift code#:WMSBUS66
Address: 1723 Palmdale Bulv
Palmdale ca..93550
Please do reconfirm to this bank as a matter of urgency if this woman is from you or not so that the federal government will not beheld responsible for paying into wrong account, if this woman is not your representative, you requested to fill and send this information’s for verification purpose so that your fund valued ($25.5millon) will be remitted in to your nominated bank account.
Kindly reconfirm to the bank the following
1. Bank Name:
2. Bank account number:
3. Route number:
4. Swift code:
5. Bank name:
6. Company name:
7. Position:
8. Address:
9. Working Id/ int’l Passport
10. Age:
11. Your telephone number
Secondly,the law stated that every beneficiaries will take care of the expense base on your favorable means of receiving the only money you have to pay for the transfer to take place is just $109 being the approval payment certification from the American Embassy office in Turkey Republic,and you are giving a limited time to send the payment.
As soon as the Payment information is received, your funds will be wired to your bank account directly from Garanti Bank Of Turkey,We shall proceed to issue all payments details to the said Mrs. Annette Stillman if we do not hear from you within the next three working days from today. We are sorry for any inconvenience the delay in transferring of your fund must have caused you.
You alerted reply urgent
Sincerely.
Mr. KENNY BRADBURY
Director Garanti Bank
Email:kennybradbury41@gmail.com
