from:	Mrs Sue Bownds <mrssuebownds@zweitecommunications.com>
reply-to:	mrssuebownds@gmail.com
to:	
date:	Mon, Aug 14, 2017 at 4:35 AM
subject:	Respectfully sister in the Lord.
security:	 Standard encryption (TLS) Learn more

Dear beloved

My name is Mrs Sue Bownds, I am member of St. Andrew's Anglican Church. I pray that the good Lord, will make all things new to bring hope alive in your heart And cause your Spirit to be born again. On your behalf I thank God for this new year For all the potential it holds. May His Holy Spirit Come and kindle in you A mighty flame So that will not only see but experience the wonders of God And live forever to praise His glorious name. Amen
In Philippians 3:13-14, (NIV) It says, Brothers and sisters, I do not consider myself yet to have taken hold of it. But one thing I do: Forgetting what is behind and straining toward what is ahead, I press on toward the goal to win the prize for which God has called me heavenward in Christ Jesus. I pray that troubles of yesterday will not hold us back in building a greater future.
I have a Humanitarian project which I would be more than to handle with your good person. I will give more details as soon as I receive your reply. This mail may come to you as a surprise or too good to be true since we had any form of former relationship. I am quite convinced that I am been laid by the spirit to contact you for this wonderful job. This project will be of good benefit to the less privileged in our society today and I am hoping you will not turn me down.

I sincerely pray you do not decline this call. I would've handle this project all by myself but my ailing health has completely made it impossible and I am always surrounded by some people I do not wish to disclose any information concerning the Funds involved.
Your urgent response will be appreciated. I will give you more details about this project and my good self as soon as I hear from you.

Kindly forward the following particulars
Your Full Name
Home or company address
Phone number
I sincerely hope to read from you any time soon.
Respectfully sister in the Lord.


  Mrs Sue Bownds
