from:	Mr. Fred Gamba <fredgamba009@gmail.com>
reply-to:	mr.f.gamba@gmail.com
to:	
bcc:	
date:	Fri, Aug 4, 2017 at 1:43 AM
subject:	TRUST IS ALL I NEED!!!
mailed-by:	gmail.com
signed-by:	gmail.com
security:	 Standard encryption (TLS) Learn more

Dear Friend, 


I decided to write you this proposal in good faith, believing that you will not betray me. 

I have been in search of someone with the same last name of our late customer and a close friend of mine ( Mr.Richard ) , hence I contacted you because both of you bear the same surname and  coincidentally from the same country, and I was pushed to contact you and see how best we can assist each other. Meanwhile I am , Mr. Fred Gamba, a reputable banker here in Accra Ghana . 

On the 15 March 2007, the young millionaire ( Mr.Richard ) a citizen of your country and Crude Oil dealer made a fixed deposit with my bank for 60 calendar months, valued at US$6,500,000.00 (Six Million, Five Hundred Thousand US Dollars) and the mature date for this deposit contract was on 16th of April, 2012. But sadly he was among the death victims in the 12 May 2008, Earthquake disaster in China that killed over 58,000 people. Because he was in China on a business trip and that was how he met his end. 

My bank management is yet to know about his death, but I knew about it because he was my friend and I am his Account Relationship Officer, and he did not mention any Next of Kin/ Heir when the account was opened, because he was not married and no children. Last week my Bank Management requested that Mr.Richard should give instructions on what to do about his funds, if to renew the contract or not. 

I know this will happen and that is why I have been looking for a means to handle the situation, because if my Bank Directors happens to know that he is dead and do not have any Heir, they will take the funds for their personal use, so I don't want such to happen. That is why I am seeking your co-operation to present you as the Next of Kin/ Heir to the account, since you bear same last name with the deceased customer. 

There is no risk involved; the transaction will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of law. It is better that we claim the money, than allowing the Bank Directors to take it, they are rich already. I am not a greedy person, so I am suggesting we share the funds in this ratio, 50/50%, i.e. equal. 

Let me know your mind on this and please do treat this information highly confidential. 

I will reveal further information / details to you as soon as I receive your positive reply. (mr.f.gamba@gmail.com) 

Have a nice day and I Anticipating your communication. 


Regards, 

Mr. Fred Gamba.
