from:	Marilis Mannik <marlismanniik4all@gmail.com>
reply-to:	Marilis Mannik <marilismannik4all@gmail.com>
to:	
date:	Sun, Aug 6, 2017 at 11:28 AM
subject:	Urgent From Hospital
security:	 yahoo.co.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Hello My Beloved
This is Ms Marilis Mannik from Estonia writing from the hospital here in Ivory Coast; I want you to know that I'm dying here in this hospital right now which i do not know if i will See some few days to come.
 
My Beloved, i was informed by my doctor that i got poisoned and it is only my liver and i can only live for some days. The reason why i contacted you today is because i know that my step mother wanted to kill me and take my inheritance From my late Father. I have a little adopted child named Andrew C. Mannik that i adopted in this Country when my late Father was alive and $ 3.5 million Dollars i inherited from my late father. My step mother and her children they are after Andrew right For they the hands of the poor, and because i handed the awesome of the poison, and my hands of mother poisoned my food, for that reason they do not want Andrew to expose them, so they are doing Everything possible to kill him.
 
My Beloved, please i want you to help him out of this country with this money in this hospital right now and this hospital right now and this this you are reading now he is the one helping me out. I want you to get back to me so that it will be he knew how to have the know how to have it I would appreciate that the lawyer will assist you to change the documents of the fund to your name to Enable the bank transfer the money to you ..
 
This is the favor i need when you have gotten the fund:
 
(1) Keep 30% of the money for Andrew until he finished his studies to become a man as he has been for me as my lovely Son and i promised to support him in life to become a medical Doctor because he always desire for it With the scholarship he had won so far. I want you to take him along with you to your country and establish him as your son.
 
(2) Give 20% of the money to handicap people and charity organization. The remaining 50% should be yours for your help to Andrew.
 
This should be a code between you and my son Andrew in this transaction "Hospital" any mail from him, the Lawyer he will direct you, without this code "Hospital" is not from the Andrew, the Lawyer or myself as i Do not know what will happen to me next in the next few hours.
 
Andrew is 14years now, therefore guide him.. If you do not hear from you i will look for another person or any organization .
 
May Almighty God bless you and use you to accomplish my wish. Pray for me always.
Ms Marilis Mannik
