from:	MRS GRACA MACHEL <"www."@galaxy.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	graca_machel@aol.com
to:	
date:	Wed, Aug 16, 2017 at 6:17 PM
subject:	VERY URGENT AND GET BACK TO ME IMMEDIATELY
mailed-by:	galaxy.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

GOOD DAY

With due respect, I must apologize for this unsolicited message, I am aware that this is certainly not a

conventional way of approaching an unknown person for establishment of project and investment. But I

respectfully insist you read this message carefully before you either make your decision of proceeding or

deleting my message as I am optimistic it will be successful for unimaginable financial benefit for both of us.

 I am Mrs Graca Machel Mandela the wife of South African icon and freedom fighter late Nelson Rolihlahla

Mandela The former President of South Africa from 1994 till 1999 who died on December 5, 2013 after a protracted

lung infection contacted during his 27th years of incarceration in Robin Island prison. I managed to get your

contact details online here in Johannesburg South Africa in my desperate search for a trustworthy person to

assist me in this confidential business transaction.

As the Third wife of late Nelson Mandela, he deposited cash in a trust account on my name here in south Africa,

for self keeping, he did this because he knew that upon his death, his lioness Ex wife,  Winnie Mandela might

use all her structural contacts within the AFRICAN NATIONAL CONGRESS [ANC] to deny me what is due to me as his

wife who looked after him all this period he has being on sick bed. As his instinct pre-informed him, his fears

were ongoing, as a Mozambican , all the family members have swooped on me Opposing me that I should hand over

the asset to them, and good a thing that when my late husband deposited the money into the trust fund account

on my hand we used my sons name, Mr Malengani Machel, who is currently living here in Johannesburg South

Africa, for security reason.

My late husband, Nelson Mandela, deposited US$60.5 MILLIONS (Sixty Millions, Five Hundred Thousand United

States Dollars) in cash in a bank here in South Africa Through diplomatic channel, after his death, I and my

son being in Johannesburg, South Africa, decided to transfer this money out of South Africa for my family use

since it is the only confidential thing we benefited. I have relinquished and waved most of his assets /estate

willed to me as we are married in community of property for the interest of peace.

I must  emphasize that this transaction is highly confidential and is to be kept as such. Therefore indicate

your full interest on assurance of trust, Contact my Legal Advisor on this email: matsiattorneys@webmail.co.za,

so that you can finalize this transaction with him , as I am not in a position to do so. Should you not be

capable to handle this money, kindly not respond.

Kindly provide me with your full names, private phone.

Regards, in sincerity,
Mrs Graca Machel Mandela
4th Street Houghton Estates
Johannesburg South Africa
Email: graca_machel@aol.com
