from:	Mr Joseph Anthony <"$$$$$$$."@future.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	Mr Joseph Anthony <w.w.w.western.union.ofice@hotmail.com>
to:	
date:	Thu, Jul 13, 2017 at 1:33 PM
subject:	Western union payment center.
mailed-by:	future.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Western union payment center.
wusih zone 6, porto-novo fct.
24 hours banking service.


ATTENTION MY DEAR

This is to report to you that our western union bureau have received a
correspondence from the federal high court as cancellation notice for your
funds transfer to be deleted from foreign payment file .
The western union management desires to inform you that your funds transfer
with us has been programmed among the two(2) transactions that would face
cancellation soon.

We have waited long time enough for you to fulfill the required obligations and claim the funds like other beneficiaries that have claimed their funds before (October  ending this year) but nothing comes up from you as indication from the funds owner.

the management of this western union held an urgent meeting in my office today, regards to the transferring of your funds by western union and they have asked my office to submit all the paper works and files containing your funds confidentiality but i refused and asked the board members to give me from now till 2days time so that i consult you personally for you to declare your interest on the funds transfer.

Further more, you are advised to reply to this email after reading, and feel
free to tell us why you abandoned such huge amount here. let us know if you are  no longer interested to complete your transaction.
Finally, if you still have the interest of being paid your funds by western
union money transfer; you should kindly forward your receiver’s name and
address including your phone number immediately i am looking forward to your positive cooperation fairly soon.

Best regards.

Mr Joseph  Anthony. +229_9923_4659 (w.w.w.western.union.ofice@hotmail.com)
Operation Manager Western union Benin Republic
