from:	DEPT OF INT'L AFFAIRS <"www."@mirror.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	DEPT OF INT'L AFFAIRS <scottwilson@onet.pl>
to:	
date:	Fri, Aug 18, 2017 at 12:43 AM
subject:	YOUR COMPENSATION FUND HAS BEEN APPROVED
mailed-by:	mirror.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

DEPARTMENT OF INT'L AFFAIRS
(Office of the Under Secretary)
1500 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington D.C. 20220.

Attention: Beneficiary,

I am Mr.Steven Terner Mnuchin, the formal partner of Goldman Sachs and
hedge fund manager. I'm the newly appointed United States Secretary of the
Treasury  Department and was sworn in as the 77th Secretary of the United
States Department of the Treasury of the administration of President Donald
Trump, and Vice President Mike Pence.

Following series of complains from Citizens of the United States as well as
Citizens of Other Countries In Europe over the Discrepancies and fraudulent
ways in which fund transfers are handled by Africans which has made it
impossible for a lot of People to claim their Winning prize or Inheritance
funds from most African Countries due to frauds and illegal activities, A
decision was reached recently by the United States Treasury Department
under the authority of the White House to compel African Financial bodies
(Banks) to urgently release all funds of Asian, American and European
citizens and other geographic continents  that are trapped in most Banks
and Courier Companies in Africa. It was discovered that some bureaucratic
bottlenecks was put by these Banks and Couriers to make it impossible for
beneficiaries to claim their funds so that they will fraudulently divert
those funds to their private accounts.

Consequent upon the aforementioned, I was personally mandated to handle
this matter to ensure that all funds of our Citizens and others countries
which are fraudulently being trapped in African Banks are urgently
retrieved and paid to the actual Beneficiaries under a legal manner. Our
team of experts were delegated to Benin Republic, Nigeria, Ivory Coast and
Ghana for this task and we discovered your File NO: BR227/9005666/00 as
unclaimed fund.It was discovered that officials of the Bank has only put up
illegal requirements in order to make it difficult for you to claim your
fund.

The United States Department of Treasury has retrieved all Files of illegal
transactions and all has been arrested for this act . however, we will be
working under a legitimate arrangement to ensure that you follow the normal
process to receive your fund.You are requested to Re-confirm the following
information to Dr Wilson Scott.

1. YOUR NAME:
2. AGE :
3. PHONE NUMBER AND FAX:
4. ADDRESS:
5. AMOUNT TO BE CLAIMED: $5.500,000.00usd
6. DRIVER LICENSE:
7. SEX :

Be informed that the above information will only enable us to make due
confirmation.  We shall ensure that normal process is followed to ensure
that your fund gets to you without delay or any unwarranted fees .

Contact Dr Wilson Scott who is in charges of paying you your trapped fund
and he is right now in Benin Republic as the Legal Practitioner to United
States Department of Treasury e-Mail below:

Contact Person: Dr Wilson Scott
Email:( scottwilson@onet.pl)
His phone number +229-99686380

Yours in Service
Mr.Steven T Mnuchin
(Under Secretary)
