from:	ben GODWIN. <"www."@viola.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	"ben GODWIN." <moneygramoffice7984@gmail.com>
to:	
date:	Thu, Jul 27, 2017 at 6:22 PM
subject:	your payments sent
mailed-by:	viola.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

MONEY GRAM MONEY TRANSFER
Address: No. 5 moneyGRAM Avenue Cotonou,
West Africa, Republic Du' Benin
E-mail moneygramoffice7984@gmail.com
Tel: (+229) 9 9 9 2 3 3 2 8

Dear: Customer,

Information reaching us from our corporate headquarters here in Porto - Novo, the capital state of Benin Republic, states that you only have 48hours to
effect your payment for the updating of your mtcn# 493-088-41 to enable you cash up your first $8000 from your total fund of ( Nine hundred and seventy
thousand united state dollars ) since you are finding it difficult to make this payment we have decided that you are to go ahead and pay whatever you have
out of the required fee $450 since you are not able to come up with the total charge. But mind you, no amount below $50 will be accepted so we expect you
to pay whatever amount from $50 and above. You are to pay what ever you have and we will activate your mtcn# number upon receipt of this payment.

Be informed that you will have to pay the balance fee upon cashing up your first $8000 also i am using this medium to inform you that failure to pay
the balance charge will leave us with no option but to deactivate your transfers of which you will and can never cash up the daily payments, i want you to
send the updating and activation fee with the information bellow.

Receiver: ben GODWIN.

Country: Benin Republic

City: Cotonou

Question: Transfer Code ?

Answer: 001

AMOUNT SENT:

Please any amount you send let us know but remember what so ever amount below $50 will not be accepted. You can send us the payment informations immediately
you send the money. Immediately we confirm the activation fee we will send you the first receipt of your $8000 at the same day. Regards Mr ben GODWIN, from
money gram money transfer office Porto-Novo Benin Republic.

In addition to this, we have decided to compensate our entire client due to their inability to pay the requested fee from the authorities, the compensation
started this morning and it will end on 22nd June 2017 by reducing the high cost to low amount.

As the matter of fact, the transferring fee and all cost requested from the authorities has been cut down to any amount as you can afford and that is only
money you have to pay to receive your payment because the transferring of your funds were approved and signed as well and we do contacted you today for your
immediate attention over it.

Note that anything that has the beginning is also has the end in that case, first come first serve.

money gram Money Transfer Service Office.

You are entitle to receive your payment today if you do send the money today as well. And please use this code number: ( 001 ) to indicate this very office
the code is given to you and used as the subject of the message to you. Any message you receive claiming to have any transfer for you without this very
identifying code, beware the mail is not from us and we don't mind if you forward this to us for more verifications.

We are waiting to hear from you today with the fee to enable this department to release your payment immediately.

Looking forward for your anticipated response.

Best Regards,
Mr ben GODWIN, Transfers Agent
Tel: (+229)9 9 9 2 3 3 2 8
MONEY GRAM MONEY TRANSFER®
