from:	Mr. Dinesh Sharma <info@giga.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	offi6696@gmail.com
to:	
date:	Tue, Jul 25, 2017 at 4:02 AM
subject:	Your Urgent Response IS Needed.
mailed-by:	giga.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

Dear Friend,
 
 
Let me start by introducing myself, My name is Dinesh Sharma, I am a banker working with CITI BANK (DIFC) here in Dubai, U.A.E.
 
 
I write to contact you over a very important business transaction which will be of our interest and benefit to our both families.In 2011, one Mr. Bassen C., whose surname is same as yours and has your country in his file as his place of origin, made a fixed deposit for 36 months, valued at $32,700,000.00 with my bank.
 
I was his account officer before I rose to the position of Managing Director. The maturity date for this deposit contract was 22nd of August 2014. Sadly Mr. Bassen was among the death victims in the January 1, 2012 earthquake in Izu Islands, Japan that killed many people while he was there on business trip. Since the First quarter of 2013 until today, the management of my bank has been finding means to reach any of his family members so as to ascertain if he will roll over the Deposit or have the contract sum withdrawn. When I discovered that this will happen, I have tried to think up a procedure to preserve this fund and use the proceeds for business. Some directors here in this bank have been trying to find out from me the information about this account and the owner, but I have kept it closed because I know that if they become aware that Mr. Bassen is late, they will take the funds for themselves. Therefore, I am seeking your co-operation to present you as Mr. Bassen's next of kin to benefit from his fund
 
I will oblige you to know that I have done enough inside bank arrangement regarding this fund, and you only have to put in your details into the information network in the bank computers to reflect you as his next of kin. If you concur with this proposal, I intend for you to retain 50% of the funds while 50% shall be for me. I will send you the details of the transaction as soon as I receive your response.
 
Mr. Dinesh Sharma
Citi bank of Dubai(DIFC)
