from:	Mr. John Desmond <"wwuba."@extra.ocn.ne.jp>
reply-to:	"Mr. John Desmond" <uba1212of@hotmail.com>
to:	
date:	Fri, Aug 11, 2017 at 8:20 AM
subject:	Your transfer
mailed-by:	extra.ocn.ne.jp
security:	 ocn.ad.jp did not encrypt this message Learn more

UBA BANK FOR AFRICA
C/669 Cadjehun BP 369,
Benin Republic..
www.ubabkgroup.cf
Email:uba1212of@hotmail.com
+22999082769


Dear Beneficiary, the United Bank for Africa is contacting you and providing you with this opportunity to finalize the transfer of your outstanding fund payment.

Your silence is some kind of shocking to this bank, you should be aware that we have completed the verification of your details for the claiming of your fund as the regulation requires. if we must proceed with your transaction then you must keep frequent reply; this is an International Fund transfer and there are certain rules to be followed before the fund will get to you without having problem. After our meeting today, it has been decided that you either claim the fund or as the fund owner, you go ahead and order the termination of the fund transfer.

In claiming this fund worth $10.5millions US Dollars but not with the character you have shown which simply indicates you are willing to let go.You should be informed that this morning after our meeting where we submitted your files for the fund claim and its approval, the Board now wants' you to send to us your scanned signature which will enable us to terminate the transaction if you are not ready to meet up with the requirement for the signing and stamp duty fee which is $95.

I've emailed you severally and you did not respond, maybe you are ready to lose it, I want you to know today that this is the chance you have to receive your approved fund from Benin, I did mentioned to you that you were just lucky that the fund is still floating in your name and now you have a great chance as the new President General Talon has said "NO" to corruption. And as such I want you to try trust yourself and my word, decide today and get back to us.

U.B.A bank will get back to you with our U-direct banking service website for the transfer of your fund. You shall visit our website and proceed to transfer your fund from an existing online account. We await your urgent response.

Detail of sending the signing and stamp duty fee of $95.00 is below and please send it as directed without mistake. Send through moneygram or western union.

Receiver's name: Emmanuel Udekwe
City: Cotonou
Country: Benin
Question: Yes?
Answer: Yes
Amount: $95

Money Transfer Control Number (Mtcn):
Sender's name:
Sender's address:

Thank you for your understanding while I am waiting for the payment details.

Yours sincerely



Mr. John Desmond
